---
title: 微服务扩展性和高可用-章节6
tags:
  - 微服务
  - 翻译
toc: true
originContent: ''
categories:
  - 微服务
  - 翻译
date: 2019-05-09 13:44:30
---

>原文地址：https://dzone.com/refcardz/scalability?chapter=6 

## System Performance
Performance refers to the system throughput and latency under a particular workload for a defined period of time. Performance testing validates implementation decisions about the system throughput, scalability, reliability, and resource usage. Performance engineers work with the development and deployment teams to ensure that the system's non-functional requirements like SLAs are implemented as part of the system development lifecycle. System performance encompasses hardware, software, and networking optimizations.
<!-- more -->
**Tip**: Performance testing efforts must begin at the same time as the development project and continue through deployment. Testing should be performed against a mirror of the production environment, if possible.

The performance engineer's objective is to detect bottlenecks early and to collaborate with the development and deployment teams on eliminating them.

### System Performance Tests
Performance specifications are documented along with the SLA and with the system design. Performance troubleshooting includes these types of testing:

+ Endurance testing: Identifies resource leaks under the continuous, expected load.
+ Load testing: Determines the system behavior under a specific load.
+ Spike testing: Shows how the system operates in response to dramatic changes in load.
+ Stress testing: Identifies the breaking point for the application under dramatic load changes for extended periods of time.  

### Software Testing Tools
There are many software performance testing tools in the market. Some of the best are released as open-source software. A comprehensive list of those is available from DZone.

These include Java, native, PHP, .Net, and other languages and platforms.